describe the openshift scc for sidecar (#1241)
wallarm/product-documentation: docs/latest/installation/kubernetes/sidecar-proxy/deployment.md

            effect: NoSchedule
    ```

## Security Context Constraints (SCC) in OpenShift

> When integrating the Sidecar controller into an OpenShift environment, it is necessary to define a custom Security Context Constraints (SCC) to suit the security requirements of the postanalytics pod. The default constraints may be insufficient for the Wallarm solution, potentially leading to errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing the Sidecar solution into an OpenShift platform, it is necessary to define a custom Security Context Constraint (SCC) to suit the security requirements of the platform. The default constraints may be insufficient for the Wallarm solution, potentially leading to errors.
```

> When integrating the Sidecar controller into an OpenShift environment, it is necessary to define a custom Security Context Constraints (SCC) to suit the security requirements of the postanalytics pod. The default constraints may be insufficient for the Wallarm solution, potentially leading to errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When integrating the Sidecar controller into an OpenShift environment, it is necessary to define a custom Security Context Constraints (SCC) policy to suit the security requirements of the postanalytics pod. The default constraints may be insufficient for the Wallarm solution, potentially leading to errors.
```
or maybe remove `a`

> Below is the recommended secure custom SCC for the Wallarm postanalytics pod tailored for OpenShift. This configuration establishes strict control over pods, limiting many common attack vectors and minimizing the possibility of pods running with root privileges.

Reviewer: `This configuration establishes strict control over pods, limiting many common attack vectors and minimizing the possibility of pods running with root privileges.`

Why?

> Below is the recommended secure custom SCC for the Wallarm postanalytics pod tailored for OpenShift. This configuration establishes strict control over pods, limiting many common attack vectors and minimizing the possibility of pods running with root privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the recommended custom SCC for the Wallarm Sidecar solution tailored for OpenShift. This configuration establishes strict control over pods, limiting many common attack vectors and minimizing the possibility of pods running with root privileges.
```

    Ensure the SCC is applied prior to deploying the Wallarm Sidecar solution.

1. Define the custom SCC in the `wallarm-scc.yaml` file as follows:

    ```yaml
    allowHostDirVolumePlugin: false
    allowHostIPC: false
    allowHostNetwork: false
    allowHostPID: false
    allowHostPorts: false
    allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
    allowPrivilegedContainer: false
    allowedCapabilities:
    - NET_BIND_SERVICE
    apiVersion: security.openshift.io/v1
    defaultAddCapabilities: null
    fsGroup:
      type: MustRunAs
    groups: []
    kind: SecurityContextConstraints
    metadata:
      annotations:
        kubernetes.io/description: wallarm-sidecar-deployment
      name: wallarm-sidecar-deployment
    priority: null
    readOnlyRootFilesystem: false
    requiredDropCapabilities:
    - ALL
    runAsUser:
      type: MustRunAs
      uid: 101
    seLinuxContext:
      type: MustRunAs
    seccompProfiles:
    - runtime/default
    supplementalGroups:
      type: RunAsAny
    users: []
    volumes:
    - configMap
    - emptyDir
    - secret
    ```
1. Apply this policy to a cluster:

    ```
    kubectl apply -f wallarm-scc.yaml
    ```

> 1. Allow the Wallarm Sidecar controller to use this SCC policy:

Reviewer: Our sidecar Helm chart consists of the 2 components:
* Sidecar controller
* Post-analytics 

Let's not mention them to not confuse the user. I would suggest using `Wallarm Sidecar solution` where we can

    
    ```

>     oc adm policy add-scc-to-user wallarm-sidecar-deployment system:serviceaccount:<SIDECAR_CONTROLLER_NAMESPACE>:<POSTANALYTICS_POD_SERVICE_NAME>

Reviewer: `POSTANALYTICS_POD_SERVICE_NAME` it's not the name of the service, but the name of the service account used by Post-analytics Pod

>     oc adm policy add-scc-to-user wallarm-sidecar-deployment system:serviceaccount:<SIDECAR_CONTROLLER_NAMESPACE>:<POSTANALYTICS_POD_SERVICE_NAME>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    oc adm policy add-scc-to-user wallarm-sidecar-deployment system:serviceaccount:<NAMESPACE>:<SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME>
```

>     oc adm policy add-scc-to-user wallarm-sidecar-deployment system:serviceaccount:<SIDECAR_CONTROLLER_NAMESPACE>:<POSTANALYTICS_POD_SERVICE_NAME>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    oc adm policy add-scc-to-user wallarm-sidecar-deployment system:serviceaccount:<SIDECAR_CONTROLLER_NAMESPACE>:<POSTANALYTICS_POD_SERVICEACCOUNT_NAME>
```
service account name is not the same as service name

    ```

>     * `<SIDECAR_CONTROLLER_NAMESPACE>` is a namespace where the Sidecar controller will be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `<NAMESPACE>` is a namespace where the Wallarm Sidecar solution will be deployed.
```

>     * `<POSTANALYTICS_POD_SERVICE_NAME>` is auto-generated and usually follows the format `<RELEASE_NAME>-wallarm-sidecar-postanalytics`, where `<RELEASE_NAME>` is the release name you will assign during the Sidecar controller deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `<SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME>` is auto-generated and usually follows the format `<RELEASE_NAME>-wallarm-sidecar-postanalytics`, where `<RELEASE_NAME>` is the name of Helm release you will assign during the Helm install.
```

>     * `<POSTANALYTICS_POD_SERVICE_NAME>` is auto-generated and usually follows the format `<RELEASE_NAME>-wallarm-sidecar-postanalytics`, where `<RELEASE_NAME>` is the release name you will assign during the Sidecar controller deployment.

Reviewer 2: same thing about service account name

and I would suggest to clarify not just release name but "Helm release name"

    For example, assuming the namespace name is `wallarm-sidecar` and the release name is `wlrm-sidecar`, the command would look like this:
    
    ```
    oc adm policy add-scc-to-user wallarm-sidecar-deployment system:serviceaccount:wallarm-sidecar:wlrm-sidecar-wallarm-sidecar-postanalytics
    ```
1. [Proceed with the Sidecar solution deployment](#deployment), taking into account the following specifics:
    

>     * In the `values.yaml` file, [disable the usage of iptables](customization.md/#capturing-incoming-traffic-port-forwarding) to avoid the need for a privileged iptables container:

Reviewer: We need to mention this at the beginning of the article -  that we are going to use non-priveleged sidecar proxy without ip-tabels manipulation.

>         ```yaml

Reviewer: Instead of this we can have CLI example like below:
```
helm upgrade --install <RELEASE_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> \
--set config.api.token=<TOKEN> \
--set config.injectionStrategy.iptablesEnable=false
```

        config:
          injectionStrategy:
            iptablesEnable: false
          wallarm:
            api:
              ...
        ```

    * Specify the same namespace and release names for the Sidecar controller as mentioned above when running the `helm install` command.
1. To verify the correct SCC application to the postanalytics pod from the previous step, execute the following command, replacing `wlrm-sidecar-wallarm-sidecar-postanalytics-6db4564c75-2s76t` with the actual postanalytics pod name:

    ```

>     kubectl -n wallarm-sidecar get pod wlrm-sidecar-wallarm-sidecar-postanalytics-6db4564c75-2s76t -o jsonpath='{.metadata.annotations.openshift\.io\/scc}{"\n"}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    NAMESPACE="wallarm-sidecar"
    POD=$(kubectl -n ${NAMESPACE} get pods -o name -l "app.kubernetes.io/component=postanalytics" | cut -d '/' -f 2)
    kubectl -n ${NAMESPACE}  get pod ${POD} -o jsonpath='{.metadata.annotations.openshift\.io\/scc}{"\n"}'
```
